I've got one of my favorite dishes of
all time sausage and match with onion
and a all gravy but some lucky sausages
we're gonna make some great mash onion
in a all gravy just for a little twist
but some pear mustard Chuck first off
we're going to cut those nobody sausages
not the butter to a hot pan it's basic
sausage a nice rich color into the oven
10 minutes after the match very simple
just peel the potatoes for potatoes will
give you enough protein for three to
four people cut potatoes very important
cutting the same size improves the
quality of the mash nice and evenly cut
to create a nice smooth mush watch me
blow season up and onto the heat
little
nice and soft and multi machine is ready
after you drain the potatoes back on
heat for just a minute just to drive
them a shout gives you a full of flavor
mash that's important with comfort food
grab the potatoes and butter we're going
to get these mashed up healthy amount of
butter start to match top tip or milk
stops the potato becoming too thick next
up mustard just a small dollop don't
shower the butter for me this fish is a
real treat an alpha onion gravy just
going to chop the onion into thin
slivers now for a little bit of garlic
again just really nice and fine select
the onion and garlic very very simple of
a butter into a warm pan onions and
garlic in and soften for one to two
minutes now going to add this
traditional dark hair gives the gravy
and nice depth of color the dish some
heart reduce the Ale down by half this
way it concentrates the flavor gives a
nice creamy consistency and what a final
thing just a little beef stock just to
touch the right in
and now for a juicy seasonal edition
pear mustard chatting it's a software it
so it's only going to take seconds to
click this journey up I'm going to cut
it small let's cook the chutney a knob
of butter and now we're going to cook
the pears
quick sprinkling of sugar
this will shake
and for the mustard that's some coarse
pepper texture now we're going to jar
the chutney up sausages off the oven
plating up mash on first followed by
these great sausages our pear chutney
that delicious onion a nail gravy and
here it is my heart warming sausage mash
with onion and ale craving perch are
delicious